About Move In
Welcome to "Electricity Account Management". This Section contains 5 modules. Read " Move In " if you are going to move house. Don't skip " Billing & Payment" if you wish to manage your account in a more effective way. Also take time to see " Use of Electricity " for more information on electrical safety and energy efficiency. If you would vacate your premises, " Move Out " and "Deposit Refund " would be most useful to you.

Please click the description that suits your new premises:

1. If your electricity supply is available at my new premises and there is no alteration made to the existing installation and / or the supply loading or ​Electricity supply at my new premises has been disconnected for not more than four months and there is no alteration made to the existing installation and / or the supply loading.

Please arrange transfer of account of the new address to make it under your name.
In most of the cases, you can arrange the transfer of account by
a. Complete and submit the respective application form via HK Electric App.
b. Completing the respective electronic application form on the Website.
c. Calling our Customer Services Executives at 2887 3411 during office hours.
d. Submitting an application form to our Customer Centre or by fax to 2510 7667.

Notice in Advance:  Please give one working day advance notice.

What will Hongkong Electric do on the transfer effective date?

We will take a meter reading and connect electricity supply (if electricity supply is not available). It is not necessary to make appointment with us for taking meter reading unless the electricity meter is inside the premises.

How about deposit?

A deposit is required as security for future use of electricity. The required deposit is equivalent to 60 days estimated consumption, and the estimation is based on the loading of appliances and the main switch rating. The deposit will be refunded to the registered customer upon termination of account.


2. For there is alteration made to the existing installation and / or the supply loading at my new premises or Electricity supply at my new premises has been disconnected for more than four months.

Please apply for new supply. We will inspect the installation at the customer's premises before connection of supply.

In most of the cases, you can apply for new supply by:

a. Completing the respective electronic application form on the Website.
b. Submitting an application form to our Customer Centre or by fax to 2510 7667.
e. Calling our Customer Services Executives at 2887 3411 during office hours.
d. Inspection on the Installation of the Customer's Premises

You may make appointment for installation inspection with us if you have submitted the application for new supply.
The registered electrical contractor / worker should submit a copy of the duly completed "Work Completion Certificate (WCC)" on or before the installation inspection and the registered electrical worker of the appropriate grade should be present on site during the installation inspection.
Connection of Supply

Normally, upon satisfactory installation inspection, electricity supply will be connected immediately. If the result is unsatisfactory, re-inspection is required and re-inspection fees will be levied.
If the application for supply requires extra equipment and / or application for official permits, it may take a longer time and service charge may be required.
If an installation is connected to communal rising mains and its main switch rating has to be increased, "CI Form 140" should be submitted to confirm that it is agreed by the owner of rising mains.
How about deposit?

A deposit is required as security for future use of electricity. The required deposit is equivalent to 60 days estimated consumption, and the estimation is based on the loading of appliances and the main switch rating. The deposit will be refunded to the registered customer upon termination of account.