About Move Out
Welcome to "Electricity Account Management". This Section contains 5 modules. Read " Move In " if you are going to move house. Don't skip " Billing & Payment " if you wish to manage your account in a more effective way. Also take time to see " Use of Electricity " for more information on electrical safety and energy efficiency. If you would vacate your premises, " Move Out " and "Deposit Refund " would be most useful to you.



Are you the registered customer of the electricity account of the premises?
1. Yes, I am the registered customer of the electricity account of the premises.

Please arrange termination of account under your name if you are going to move out from the premises.

Please notify us two working days in advance. You may arrange termination of account via one of the following channels:
a. Complete the respective electronic application form on our website.
b. Call our Customer Services Executives at 2887 3411 during office hours.
c. Complete and return the form "Application for Termination of Electricity Account" to our Customer Centre or by fax to 2510 7667.
d. It is not necessary to make appointment with us for taking the final meter reading unless the electricity meter is inside the premises.
e. If there is a new occupant, the account will be automatically finalized on the effective transfer date of the application for transfer from the new customer. However, the registered customer is liable for all outstanding charges of the account as long as the account remains under his name.


2. No, I am not the registered customer of the electricity account of the premises. The registered customer is my landlord / the ex-landlord / the ex-occupant.

You may ask for a special meter reading on the date that you will vacate the premises with one working day's notice in advance. The special meter reading can be arranged via one of the following channels:

a. Complete the respective electronic form on our website.
b. Call our Customer Services Executives at 2887 3411 during office hours.
c. It is not necessary to make appointment with us for taking special meter reading unless the electricity meter is inside the premises.

About Deposit Refund
Welcome to "Electricity Account Management". This Section contains 5 modules. Read " Move In " if you are going to move house. Don't skip " Billing & Payment " if you wish to manage your account in a more effective way. Also take time to see " Use of Electricity " for more information on electrical safety and energy efficiency. If you would vacate your premises, " Move Out " and "Deposit Refund " would be most useful to you.

For registered customers issued with deposit receipt:
a. By Cheque: Please mail the properly-endorsed deposit receipt, together with the correspondence address and telephone no. to our Customer Centre. A crossed cheque made payable to the registered customer will then be mailed to the correspondence address within five working days.
b. Direct Refund to Bank Account: For the refundable amount $5,000 or below, we can also arrange direct refund to the bank account of the registered customer in Hong Kong within five working days upon receipt of a copy of bank record showing the bank account no. and bank account name.

If deposit receipt is lost, please call us at 2887 3411 during office hours. A letter of indemnity will be sent to the registered customer for completion.

For registered customers not issued with a deposit receipt (i.e. The deposit was paid with the first electricity bill of your account)
a. Please call our Customer Services Executives at 2887 3411 during office hours to arrange deposit refund.

A crossed cheque made payable to the registered customer will be mailed to the correspondence address within five working days.
If the refundable amount is at $5,000 or below, we can also arrange direct refund to the bank account of the registered customer in Hong Kong within five working days upon receipt of a copy of bank record showing the bank account no. and bank account name.
Deposit of the electricity account can be refunded upon termination of account.