Payment
We offer a wide variety of payment options:

Autopay

Upon successful application for the following autopay services, your monthly bill will be paid automatically by debiting your bank account or credit card account on the eighth working day from the meter reading date.

Via Savings or Current Accounts

Customers with savings or current accounts with any bank in Hong Kong can pay bills via autopay. Please complete the Direct Debit Authorisation Form and return the original copy to our Customer Centre.  Alternatively, customers may set up autopay authorization via internet banking service provided by some banks. Please contact your bank for details.
Residential customers with savings or current accounts with any designated banks in Hong Kong can simply authorise autopay by calling 2887 3411.
The authorisation process takes about three weeks.
Service fee may be charged by banks for handling autopay applications. Please contact your bank for more details.
Via COMPASS VISA / DBS or Bank of China / Chiyu Bank / Nanyang Commercial Bank Credit Cards (For Residential Customers Only)

Residential customers holding DBS Credit Cards or Co-Brand Cards, COMPASS VISA/ Everyday COMPASS VISA or Bank of China / Chiyu Bank / Nanyang Commercial Bank Credit Cards can settle their electricity bills by autopay via the credit card accounts.
Please complete and return the original copy of the COMPASS VISA / DBS Credit Card Autopay Service Authorisation Form or Bank of China Credit Card Autopay Service Authorisation Form to our Customer Centre.
The authorisation process takes about two weeks.
Via American Express Card

Customers holding American Express Card can settle their electricity bills by autopay via the card accounts.
For registration, please call American Express Customer Service Hotline according to the telephone no. printed on the back of American Express Card.
AlipayHK

Login "Account-On-Line" through the HK Electric App or webpage to view the bill balance and settle the bill by "AlipayHK" directly.
Customers can also login "AlipayHK" App directly to settle their electricity bills or set up auto-debit. For more details about "AlipayHK", please click here.
Faster Payment System (FPS) QR Code

Login "Account-On-Line" through the HK Electric App or webpage to view the bill balance and settle the bill by "FPS" directly.
Customers can also use the mobile apps of Faster Payment System (FPS) participating banks and stored value facilities (SVF) operators to scan the FPS QR code shown on the bill or via "Account-On-Line" to make payment. Please refer to Hong Kong Interbank Clearing Limited website for details.
PPS

PPS user can pay the bill through a touch tone phone by calling 1806031 or 18031 (Merchant Code: 03), by Internet (http://www.ppshk.com) or Smartphone App "PPS on Mobile".
Simply bring your ATM card to the nearby PPS Registration Terminals to register as a PPS user.
For enquiries, please call PPS hotline 2311 9876.
Automatic Teller Machine (ATM)

You may settle your bill at the Hongkong Bank / Hang Seng Bank ATMs labelled with 'Bill Payment Service' and JETCO ATM labelled with 'JET PAYMENT'.
Select "Bill Payment" and "Public Utility" to choose "Hong Kong Electric", then enter "Electricity Account No." and "Amount".
(No need to enter the Bank Account No. of our Company)
Upon successful completion of the transaction, a receipt will be issued on the spot for reference and record.
Internet Payment

You may pay your bill on the Internet via the following channels:

PPS by Internet (http://www.ppshk.com) or Smartphone App "PPS on Mobile" after registering as a PPS user and setting up a PPS Internet Password.
online@hsbc (http://www.hsbc.com.hk) if you are the registered user of the HSBC's Internet Banking.
Hang Seng e-Banking Services (http://www.hangseng.com) if you are the registered user of the Hang Seng Personal e-Banking or Hang Seng Business e-Banking.
JET Payment (https://www.jetco.com.hk) if you are the registered user of the JETCO member bank's i-Banking service, choose your bank and enjoy online payment service.
Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment Service (EBPP) through internet banking account of participating banks. Please contact your bank or visit the website of Hong Kong Interbank Clearing Limited for details
Internet banking services provided by other banks in Hong Kong. For details, please check with your banks directly.
You do not need to enter the Bank Account No. of our Company when paying online. Please select "Bill Payment" and "Public Utility" to choose "Hong Kong Electric", then enter "Electricity Account No." and "Amount". You can take screenshots of the transaction completion screen for your record.
Electronic Bill Presentment & Payment Service
HK Electric customers can register for the Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment Service (EBPP) through their internet banking accounts to receive e-bill summary and pay for their electricity bills. Please click here for details.
In Person

Watsons Stores - Pay in cash.
7-Eleven, Circle K, VanGO Convenience Stores or U Select - Pay in cash. The maximum amount per transaction is $5,000.
Counter of The Bank of East Asia - Pay in cash or by cheque* (not require to hold a BEA Bank account).
Cheque Deposit Machines at HSBC or Bank of China Hong Kong - Pay by cheque*. Select "Bill Payment" and "Public Utility" to choose "Hong Kong Electric", then enter "Electricity Account No." and "Cheque Amount".
(No need to enter the Bank Account No. of our Company)
Post Offices (except mobile Post Offices) -  Pay in cash or by cheque*.
*Crossed cheque made payable to "The Hongkong Electric Co., Ltd." Please also mark your Electricity Account No. on the back of the cheque.

Cheque by Mail / e-Cheque

Mail a cheque* to G. P. O. Box 6600 Hong Kong, together with the lower portion of the bill.
Upload an e-Cheque through our e-Cheque Drop Box, and make payable to "The Hongkong Electric Co., Ltd.”(For details on procedure, please enquire your banks directly or read e-Brochure of Hong Kong Monetary Authority).
*Crossed cheque made payable to "The Hongkong Electric Co., Ltd." Please also mark your Electricity Account No. on the back of the cheque.

For enquiries, please call 2887 3411 during office hours.